Why did you bring me here?
Did you hear about my engagement here?
Nothing to do with me
Tell me something
Miss Chen is even more ruthless than I thought
Ji Zhenrou tries on a wedding dress
He's too busy trying on wedding dresses
set by set
Too regretful time
You are almost as affectionate as him
Just for my engagement with Zheng Rou to go ahead as scheduled
Do me a favor.
A child as young as Guoguo still has a high fever
And you called me here?
Make a wedding dress for your fiancee
How is your majesty
You still care about me, right?
Why don't you see it now?
So confident
With the total resources of Xiaojiang
There were so many women along the way
Definitely
Can find someone more qualified than me
Also more cooperative
Why do you have to choose me?
Because I just can't stand you
He looked like he was dying.
If you don't want to
I gave the opportunity to someone else
If you don't cooperate
Then there is no need
Did you ask someone to take the dog to the doctor?
I want it of course I want it